= Freelancer Rails API

Copyright (C) 2010 Trond Arve Nordheim - {Binary Marbles}[http://www.binarymarbles.com/]

== NOTICE

This is a project under heavy development. The API is far from stable yet, and
the code is very unclean in some places. The API won't be considered stable
until all the full Freelancer.com APIs is implemented and have tests verifying
that they work like they should.

== Description

A Ruby gem for integrating the Freelancer.com API services into a Ruby on Rails application.

== Features

* oAuth authorization
* Per-environment configuration and sandboxing support, and support from setting API configuration from environment variables.

== Issues and missing features

* No tests yet.
* No elegant way of hooking into post-authorization-events to retrieve the access token and access secret for storing on the current users profile.
* No generators available.
* Lacks documentation.

== Documentation

* RDoc: http://rdoc.info/projects/tanordheim/freelancer-rails
* Usage: http://wiki.github.com/tanordheim/freelancer-rails
* Example app: 

== Requirements

* {freelancer}[http://rubygems.org/gems/freelancer]

== Installation

 $ gem install freelancer-rails

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Trond Arve Nordheim. See LICENSE for details.
